Update release note with any function type (#107)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-release: release-notes/swan-lake-alpha3-release-note.md

}
```

##### Introduction of the `function` Function Type Descriptor to Represent Any Function

> A new `function` function type descriptor has been introduced to represent all function values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A new function type descriptor named `function` has been introduced to represent all function values.
```

Reviewer 2: I don't think saying name here is correct. This is like a built-in construct. Any way we can rephrase this without named? Can't we say
```suggestion
A new function type descriptor `function` has been introduced to represent all function values.
```

Reviewer: Then it should be "A new `function` function type descriptor has been introduced to represent all function values." , since this is the convention we follow.

However, saying "function function" twice sounds a bit awkward. Do we have another way we can reword this?

Author: Can't we say "A new function type descriptor has been introduced to represent all function values"? Because the way we represent it is in the example.

Reviewer 2: But I think we need to emphasize what the new type descriptor is in the description too. 

@praneesha,  when we say
```suggestion
A new `function` function type descriptor has been introduced to represent all function values.
```

the first `function` is emphasized right? So I guess it is OK? 

If not we can say
```suggestion
A new `function` type descriptor has been introduced to represent all function values.
```

Reviewer: +1 for the second statement.

"A new `function` type descriptor has been introduced to represent all function values."

```ballerina

> import ballerina/io;
> function add(int v1, int v2) returns int => v1 + v2;
> function compare(int v1, int v2) returns boolean => v1 < v2;
> public function main() {
>     // A variable of type `function` can hold any function value.
>     function f = add;
>     io:println("Process (add, 1, 2): ", process(f, 1, 2)); // Prints `Process (add, 1, 2): 3`
>     io:println("Process (compare, 1, 2): ", process(compare, 1, 2)); // Prints `Process (compare, 1, 2): 0`
> }
> function process(function func, int v1, int v2) returns int {
>     // A function of type `function` cannot be called directly.
>     // A function value assigned to a `function` typed variable 
>     // can only be called after the type is narrowed to the relevant type.
>     if (func is function (int, int) returns int) {
>         return func(v1, v2);
>     }
>     return 0;
> }

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
import ballerina/io;

function add(int v1, int v2) returns int => v1 + v2;

function compare(int v1, int v2) returns boolean => v1 < v2;

public function main() {
    // A variable of type `function` can hold any function value.
    function f = add;
    io:println("Process (add, 1, 2): ", process(f, 1, 2)); // Prints `Process (add, 1, 2): 3`
    io:println("Process (compare, 1, 2): ", process(compare, 1, 2)); // Prints `Process (compare, 1, 2): 0`
}

function process(function func, int v1, int v2) returns int {
    // A function of type `function` cannot be called directly.
    // A function value assigned to a `function` typed variable 
    // can only be called after the type is narrowed to the relevant type.
    if (func is function (int, int) returns int) {
        return func(v1, v2);
    }
    return 0;
}
```

}
```

> ##### Introduce a new function type

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
##### Introduce of the `function` Function Type Descriptor
```

Author: Fixed.

> New type `function` has been introduced which belongs all the function values.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A new function type descriptor `function` has been introduced to represent all function values.
```

Author: Fixed.

```ballerina

> import ballerina/io;
> 
> function add(int v1, int v2) returns int {
>     return v1 + v2;
> }
> 
> function calculate(int a, int b, int c) returns int {
>     return a + 2 * b + 3 * c;
> }
> 
> 
> function process(function func, int v1, int v2) returns int {
>     if (func is function (int, int) returns int) {
>         return func(v1, v2);
>     } 
>     return v1 + 2 * v2;
> }
> 
> public function main() {
>     io:println("Process Add 1, 2: ", process(add, 1, 2));
>     io:println("Process Calculate 1, 2: ", process(calculate, 1, 2);
> }

Reviewer 2: Shall we simplify this a bit and add some comments?

```suggestion
import ballerina/io;

function add(int v1, int v2) returns int => v1 + v2;

function compare(int v1, int v2) returns boolean => v1 < v2;

public function main() {
    // A variable of type `function` can hold any function value.
    function f = add;
    io:println("Process (add, 1, 2): ", process(f, 1, 2)); // Prints `Process (add, 1, 2): 3`
    io:println("Process (compare, 1, 2): ", process(compare, 1, 2)); // Prints `Process (compare, 1, 2): 0`
}

function process(function func, int v1, int v2) returns int {
    // A function of type `function` cannot be called directly.
    // A function value assigned to a `function` typed variable 
    // can only be called after the type is narrowed to the relevant type.
    if (func is function (int, int) returns int) {
        return func(v1, v2);
    }

    return 0;
}
```
